# [USACO06DEC]Cow Roller Coaster S

## 题目描述

The cows are building a roller coaster! They want your help to design as fun a roller coaster as possible, while keeping to the budget.

The roller coaster will be built on a long linear stretch of land of length L (1 ≤ L ≤ 1,000). The roller coaster comprises a collection of some of the N (1 ≤ N ≤ 10,000) different interchangable components. Each component i has a fixed length Wi (1 ≤ Wi ≤ L). Due to varying terrain, each component i can be only built starting at location Xi (0 ≤ Xi ≤ L - Wi). The cows want to string together various roller coaster components starting at 0 and ending at L so that the end of each component (except the last) is the start of the next component.

Each component i has a "fun rating" Fi (1 ≤ Fi ≤ 1,000,000) and a cost Ci (1 ≤ Ci ≤ 1000). The total fun of the roller coster is the sum of the fun from each component used; the total cost is likewise the sum of the costs of each component used. The cows' total budget is B (1 ≤ B ≤ 1000). Help the cows determine the most fun roller coaster that they can build with their budget.

## 输入格式

Line 1: Three space-separated integers: L, N and B.


Lines 2..N+1: Line i+1 contains four space-separated integers, respectively: Xi, Wi, Fi, and Ci.


## 输出格式

Line 1: A single integer that is the maximum fun value that a roller-coaster can have while staying within the budget and meeting all the other constraints. If it is not possible to build a roller-coaster within budget, output -1.


## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
5 6 10
0 2 20 6
2 3 5 6
0 1 2 1
1 1 1 3
1 2 5 4
3 2 10 2
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
17
```

## 提示

Taking the 3rd, 5th and 6th components gives a connected roller-coaster with fun value 17 and cost 7. Taking the first two components would give a more fun roller-coaster (25) but would be over budget.

