# [USACO13JAN]Seating G

## 题目背景



## 题目描述

To earn some extra money, the cows have opened a restaurant in their barn specializing in milkshakes.  The restaurant has N seats (1 <= N <= 500,000) in a row. Initially, they are all empty.

Throughout the day, there are M different events that happen in sequence at the restaurant (1 <= M <= 300,000).  The two types of events that can happen are:

1. A party of size p arrives (1 <= p <= N). Bessie wants to seat the party in a contiguous block of p empty seats. If this is possible, she does so in the lowest position possible in the list of seats.  If it is impossible, the party is turned away.

2. A range [a,b] is given (1 <= a <= b <= N), and everybody in that range of seats leaves.

Please help Bessie count the total number of parties that are turned away over the course of the day.

有一排n个座位，m次操作。A操作：将a名客人安置到最左的连续a个空位中，没有则不操作。L操作：[a,b]的客人离开。

求A操作的失败次数。


## 输入格式

\* Line 1: Two space-separated integers, N and M.

\* Lines 2..M+1: Each line describes a single event.  It is either a line of the form "A p" (meaning a party of size p arrives) or "L a b" (meaning that all cows in the range [a, b] leave).


## 输出格式

\* Line 1: The number of parties that are turned away.


## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
10 4 
A 6 
L 2 4 
A 5 
A 2 
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
1 
```

## 提示

There are 10 seats, and 4 events.  First, a party of 6 cows arrives.  Then all cows in seats 2..4 depart.  Next, a party of 5 arrives, followed by a party of 2.


Party #3 is turned away.  All other parties are seated.

