# [USACO14JAN]Cow Curling G

## 题目背景



## 题目描述

Cow curling is a popular cold-weather sport played in the Moolympics.

Like regular curling, the sport involves two teams, each of which slides N heavy stones (3 <= N <= 50,000) across a sheet of ice.  At the end of the game, there are 2N stones on the ice, each located at a distinct 2D point.

Scoring in the cow version of curling is a bit curious, however.  A stone is said to be "captured" if it is contained inside a triangle whose corners are stones owned by the opponent (a stone on the boundary of such a triangle also counts as being captured).  The score for a team is the number of opponent stones that are captured.

Please help compute the final score of a cow curling match, given the locations of all 2N stones.

有两支队伍在比赛，一队可以一次取出3个点来，所围成的三角形覆盖的区域可以“捕获”对方的点，问两支队伍各能够捕获对方多少个点。


## 输入格式

\* Line 1: The integer N.

\* Lines 2..1+N: Each line contains 2 integers specifying the x and y coordinates of a stone for team A (each coordinate lies in the range -40,000 .. +40,000).

\* Lines 2+N..1+2N: Each line contains 2 integers specifying the x and y coordinates of a stone for team B (each coordinate lies in the range -40,000 .. +40,000).


## 输出格式

\* Line 1: Two space-separated integers, giving the scores for teams A and B.


## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
4 
0 0 
0 2 
2 0 
2 2 
1 1 
1 10 
-10 3 
10 3 
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
1 2 
```

## 提示

Each team owns 4 stones.  Team A has stones at (0,0), (0,2), (2,0), and (2,2), and team B has stones at (1,1), (1,10), (-10,3), and (10,3).


Team A captures their opponent's stone at (1,1).  Team B captures their opponent's stones at (0,2) and (2,2).

