# [POI2007]KOL-Railway

## 题目背景

征求翻译。如果你能提供翻译或者题意简述，请直接发讨论，感谢你的贡献。


## 题目描述

Byteland Railways encountered a necessity of restructuring and    reduction of the rail network.

After a deep analysis of of the rail network it has been decided    which railway stations will be removed and which ones will stay.

It has been also decided that the rail network should be reduced as far    as possible.

It remains to choose which railway lines should be removed and which    ones should stay.

The rail network is composed of rail segments connecting railway    stations.

It is known that from each station one can travel to every other    station (potentially visiting some intermediate stations).

Rail segments are bidirectional.

There can be at most one rail segment connecting each pair of stations.

Each segment can be assigned a cost of maintenance, which is    a positive integer.

The rail segments that will remain should be chosen in such    way that:

it is possible to travel between every pair of stations        that are not going to be removed,                  their total cost of maintenance is low (it can be at most two times        greater than the lowest cost that can be achieved, assuming that the        previous condition is satisfied).

All remaining rail segments will be removed.

Railway lines that will remain can run through stations that will be    removed.

TaskWrite a programme which:

reads a description of the rail network and the stations          that will not be removed from the standard input,                      determines which rail segments should remain and which should          be removed,                      writes out the rail segments that should remain together with the          total cost of their maintenance to the standard output.


## 输入格式

The first line of input contains two positive integers $n$ and $m$, $2\le n\le 5\ 000$, $1\le m\le 500\ 000$($m\le \frac{n(n-1)}{2}$),      separated by a single space.

$n$ denotes the number of railway stations and $m$ is the number of rail segments.

Railway stations are numbered from $1$ to $n$.

The following $m$ lines contain descriptions of the rail      segments, one per line.

Each of these lines contains three positive integers $a$,$b$ and $u$,$1\le a,b\le n$,$a\ne b$,$1\le u\le 100\ 000$.

$a$ and $b$ are the numbers of stations that are connected      by the segment and $u$ is its cost of maintenance.

The $(m+2)$'th line contains a sequence of integers separated by      single spaces.

The first one of them is $p$ - the number of stations that should remain      ($1\le p\le n$, $p\cdot m\le 15\ 000\ 000$).

It is followed by the numbers of these stations in increasing order.


## 输出格式

The first line of output should contain two integers $c$ and $k$ separated by a single space, where $c$ is the total cost of maintenance of the segments that      should remain and $k$ is the number of these segments.

Each of the following $k$ lines should contain two integers $a_i$ and $b_i$, separated by a single space -      the numbers of stations that are connected by the segment.

The total cost of maintenance of the segments can be at most      two times greater than the lowest achievable total cost.


## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
8 11
1 2 6
3 1 5
2 3 8
3 4 9
3 5 10
5 4 3
5 6 9
6 4 8
6 8 8
6 7 7
8 7 10
4 2 5 7 8```

### 样例输出 #1

```
42 5
2 3
3 5
5 6
6 7
6 8```

## 提示


