# [POI2011]LIZ-Lollipop

## 题目背景



## 题目描述

Byteasar runs a confectionery in Byteburg.

Strawberry-vanilla flavoured lollipops are the favourite of local children.

These lollipops are composed of multiple segments of the same length, each    segment of either strawberry or vanilla flavour.

The price of the lollipop is the sum of the values of its segments, where    a vanilla segment costs one bythaler, while a strawberry segments costs two.

Fig. 1: An exemplary lollipop of five segments,      three strawberry flavoured and two vanilla, alternately.

The price of this lollipop is $8$ bythalers.

Currently Byteasar is left with only one lollipop, though possibly very long.

As a salesman, he knows only too well that probably no one will want to buy    the whole lollipop. For this reason he thinks of breaking the lollipop at the    joints of the segments in order to get a shorter lollipop. Each fragment for    sale, of course, must stay in one piece.

Byteasar vast experience of a salesman, as well as his understanding of children    psychology, tell him that his young customers will most likely want to spend    all their money on a single lollipop. With this in mind, he wonders for which    values of $k$ the lollipop he has can be broken down in such a way that as a    result one would get, among other pieces, a lollipop worth exactly $k$  bythalers.

Naturally, he is interested in the way of breaking the lollipop as well.

As this task overwhelms him, he asks you for help.

给一个只有1和2的序列，每次询问有没有一个子串的和为x


## 输入格式

In the first line of the standard input there are two integers $n$ and $m$      ($1\le n,m \le 1\ 000\ 000$), separated by a single space.

These denote, respectively, the number of segments of the last lollipop left      in store, and the number of values of $k$ to consider.

The lollipop's segments are numbered from 1 to $n$.

The second line gives an $n$-letter description of the lollipop, consisting      of letters T and W, where T denotes a strawberry flavoured segment, while W - vanilla flavoured;the $i$-th of these letters specifies the flavour of the $i$-th segment.

In the following $m$ lines successive values of $k$($1\le k\le 2\ 000\ 000$) to consider are given, one per line.


## 输出格式

Your program should print out exactly $m$ lines, giving, one per line,      the results for successive values of $k$, to the standard output.

If for a given value of $k$ it is impossible to break the lollipop in such a way that there is a contiguous fragment worth exactly $k$ bythalers, then the word      NIE (no in Polish) should be printed. Otherwise, two integers $l$ and $r$ ($1\le l\le r\le n$), separated by single spaces, should      be printed, such that the fragment of the lollipop composed of the segments      numbered from $l$ to $r$ inclusively is worth exactly $k$ bythalers. If there are multiple such pairs, your program is free to choose one arbitrarily.


## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
5 3
TWTWT
5
1
7```

### 样例输出 #1

```
1 3
2 2
NIE```

## 提示

给一个只有1和2的序列，每次询问有没有一个子串的和为x


SPJ对于格式的要求较为严格。对于每个询问后，应紧跟一个换行符。在最后一次输出你的答案以及一个换行符后不应有任何输出。


由zhouyonglong提供SPJ

