# [POI2011] DYN-Dynamite

## 题目背景



## 题目描述

The Byteotian Cave is composed of $n$ chambers and $n-1$ corridors that       connect them.  For every pair of chambers there is unique way to move       from one of them to another without leaving the cave.

Dynamite charges are set up in certain chambers.

A fuse is laid along every corridor.

In every chamber the fuses from the adjacent corridors meet at one point,       and are further connected to the dynamite charge if there is one in the       chamber.  It takes exactly one unit of time for the fuse between two       neighbouring chambers to burn, and the dynamite charge explodes in the       instant that fire reaches the chamber it is inside.

We would like to light the fuses in some $m$ chambers (at the joints of       fuses) in such a way that all the dynamite charges explode in the shortest       time possible since the fuses are lit.  Write a program that will determine       the minimum such time possible.


## 输入格式

The first line of the standard input holds two integers $n$ and $m$($1\le m\le n\le 300\ 000$), separated by a single space, that denote, respectively, the number of chambers in the cave and the number of chambers in which fire can be set to the fuses.

The chambers are numbered from 1 to $n$.

The next line contains $n$ integers $d_1,d_2,\cdots,d_n$ ($d_i\in \{0,1\}$), separated by single spaces.

If $d_i=1$, then there is dynamite in the $i$-th chamber, and if $d_i=0$, there is none.The following $n-1$ lines specify the corridors of the cave. Each of them holds two integers $a,b$($1\le a<b\le n$), separated by a single space, denoting that there is a corridor connecting the chambers $a$ and $b$. Every corridor appears exactly once in the description.

You may assume that in tests worth 10% of the points it holds additionally that $n\le 10$ , while in tests worth 40% of the points it holds that $n\le 1\ 000$


## 输出格式

The first and only line of the standard output should hold a single         integer, equal to the minimum time it takes from lighting the fuses         to the explosion of all the charges.


## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
7 2
1 0 1 1 0 1 1
1 3
2 3
3 4
4 5
5 6
5 7```

### 样例输出 #1

```
1
```

## 提示


