# [USACO18FEB]Directory Traversal G

## 题目描述

Bessie the cow is surprisingly computer savvy. On her computer in the barn, she stores all of her precious files in a collection of directories; for example:

```
bessie/
  folder1/
    file1
    folder2/
      file2
  folder3/
    file3
  file4
```

There is a single "top level" directory, called bessie.

Bessie can navigate to be inside any directory she wants. From a given directory, any file can be referenced by a "relative path". In a relative path, the symbol ".." refers to the parent directory. If Bessie were in folder2, she could refer to the four files as follows:

```
../file1
file2
../../folder3/file3
../../file4
```

Bessie would like to choose a directory from which the sum of the lengths of the relative paths to all the files is minimized.

## 输入格式

The first line contains an integer N ($2 \leq N \leq 100,000$), giving the total number of files and directories. For the purposes of input, each object (file or directory) is assigned a unique integer ID between 1 and $N$, where ID 1 refers to the top level directory.
Next, there will be $N$ lines. Each line starts with the name of a file or directory. The name will have only lower case characters a-z and digits 0-9, and will be at most 16 characters long. Following the name is an integer, $m$. If $m$ is 0, then this entity is a file. If $m > 0$, then this entity is a directory, and it has a total of $m$ files or directories inside it. Following $m$ there will be $m$ integers giving the IDs of the entities in this directory.

## 输出格式

Output the minimal possible total length of all relative paths to files. Note that this value may be too large to fit into a 32-bit integer.

## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
8
bessie 3 2 6 8
folder1 2 3 4
file1 0
folder2 1 5
file2 0
folder3 1 7
file3 0
file4 0
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
42
```

## 提示

This input describes the example directory structure given above.

The best solution is to be in folder1. From this directory, the relative paths are:

```
file1
folder2/file2
../folder3/file3
../file4
```

Problem credits: Mark Gordon
