# [COCI2017-2018#2] ​​Garaža

## 题目描述

Lately, Slavko’s been studying sequences of natural numbers. He finds a sequence
interesting if the greatest common divisor of all the elements from the sequence is greater
than 1.

Yesterday, he found a sequence consisting of N natural numbers in his garage. Since he
was really bored, he decided to keep himself occupied by asking simple queries. Each query
can be one of the two types:

1. Change the value at position X in the sequence to V.

2. Determine the number of interesting contiguous subarrays contained in the interval
[L, R] of the sequence.


## 输入格式

The first line of input contains the numbers N and Q (1 ≤ N, Q ≤ $10^5$
), representing the
number of elements in the sequence and the number of queries, respectively.

The following line contains N natural numbers $A_i$
(1 ≤ $A_i$ ≤ $10^9$
) that represent the numbers in
the initial sequence.

Each of the following Q lines contains a query of the following form:

 - The first number in the line can be 1 or 2 and represents the type of the query.
 - If the query is of type 1, two numbers follow, X (1 ≤ X ≤ N) and V (1 ≤ V ≤ $10^9$
) from
the task.
 - If the query is of type 2, two numbers follow, L and R (1 ≤ L ≤ R ≤ N) that represent
the left and right interval boundary.


## 输出格式

For each query of type 2, output the number of interesting contiguous subarrays from the
task.


## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
5 1
8 4 3 9 1
2 2 5
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
4
```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
5 3
2 3 6 4 1
2 1 4
1 3 1
2 3 5
```

### 样例输出 #2

```
6
1
```

## 样例 #3

### 样例输入 #3
```
4 3
2 2 2 2
2 1 4
1 2 3
2 1 4
```

### 样例输出 #3

```
10
5
```

## 提示

**Clarification​ ​of​ ​the​ ​first​ ​test​ ​case:**

The interval from the $2_{nd}$ to the $5_{th}$ position consists of numbers (4, 3, 9, 1). In it, the following are
interesting contiguous subarrays (denoted with square brackets):
**[4]**​ 3 9 1, 4 **[3]​** ​9 1, 4 3 **[9]**​ 1, 4 **[3​ ​9]​** 1
