# [COCI2017-2018#3] Sažetak

## 题目背景



## 题目描述

An unknown array x consists of N integers. The K-summary of that array is obtained by dividing the array into segments of length K and summing up the elements in each segment.
If N is not divisible by K, the last segment of the division will have less than K elements.

In other words, the K-summary is an array where the elements are, respectively: (x[1] + … + x[K]), (x[K+1] + … + x[2K]), and so on, where the last sum that contains x[N] can have less than K summands. For example, the 5-summary of an array of 13 elements has three elements (sum of elements 1.-5., sum of elements 6.-10., sum of elements 11.-13.).

It is clear that we cannot reconstruct the elements of the original array from the K-summary, but that might be possible if we knew several K-summaries for different Ks. Write a program that will, given length N and set $K_1$, $K_2$
, …, $K_M$ , predict how many elements of the original array we would be able to uniquely determine if we knew all the $K_i$ -summaries of the array.
(It is not difficult to show that the number of reconstructed elements is independent of the content of the summaries.)


## 输入格式

The first line contains the integers N and M (3 <= N <= $10^9$
, 1 <= M <= 10), the array length and the number of K-summaries.

The second line contains distinct integers$K_1$, $K_2$ , …, $K_M$
(2 <= $K_i$ < N) from the task.

## 输出格式

You must output the required number of reconstructed elements

## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
3 1
2
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
1```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
6 2
2 3
```

### 样例输出 #2

```
2```

## 样例 #3

### 样例输入 #3
```
123456789 3
5 6 9
```

### 样例输出 #3

```
10973937
```

## 提示

In test cases worth 40% of total points, it will hold N <= 5 000 000.

**Clarification​ ​of​ ​the​ ​first​ ​example**:​ ​We can determine one element: x[3].

**Clarification​ ​of​ ​the​ ​second​ ​example**:​ ​We can determine x[3] and x[4].
