# [COCI2017-2018#5] Birokracija

## 题目背景



## 题目描述

Mirko has become CEO of a huge corporation. This corporation consists of ​N people,
labeled from 1 to ​N
, and Mirko is labeled 1. The corporation is structured so that each
employee (except Mirko) has a boss, and we say that employee is an assistant to that boss.
Each boss can have multiple assistants, but still reports to their boss. This holds for
everyone except Mirko, who is at the top of the pyramid and doesn’t have a boss, but has his
assistants.

When Mirko gets a task from the investors, he then delegates that task to his assistant with
the minimal number. This assistant then delegates the task to their assistant with the
minimal number, and this process repeats until the task is given to an unlucky person
without an assistant, who then must do the task.

This is when the real problems begin. The person that did the task gets paid 1 coin, the boss
of that person gets 2 coins, the boss of that person gets 3 coins, and so on, all the way to
Mirko, who gets as many coins as there are people in this sequence. After that, the
employee that really did the job realizes how unfair the system is and quits their job out of
principle.

When it comes to doing the next task in the corporation, there is a person less, so maybe the
paychecks are less, but the work must continue. Tasks are piling up, so the whole procedure
(assigning a new task, doing it, dividing paychecks and the person doing the task quitting)
repeats until Mirko is left alone in the corporation and does his first (also his last) task.

Of course, Mirko will have amassed quite a fortune until then, but he also wants to know how
much money each of the employees earned.

## 输入格式

The first line of input contains the positive integer ​N (2 ≤ ​N ≤ 2·$10^5$​ ), the number of
employees (including Mirko).

The following line contains ​N- 1 positive integers $a_2$​ , ​$a_3$​ , ​$a_4$ , …, ​$a_n$
(1 ≤ ​$a_i$
< ​i
), where ​$a_i$
denotes the boss of employee ​i
.

## 输出格式

You must output a single line consisting of ​N numbers, the $i^{th}$ number corresponding to the
amount of money earned by the $i^{th}$ employee.

## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
1 1```

### 样例输出 #1

```
5 1 1```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
5
1 2 2 4```

### 样例输出 #2

```
13 8 1 3 1```

## 提示

In test cases worth 50% of total points, it will hold 2 ≤ ​N
≤ 5000.

**Clarification of the second test case:**

Mirko assigns the first task to employee 2, who then assigns it to employee 3, who then does it. For
this, employee 3 gets 1 coin, employee 2 gets 2 coins, and employee 1 (Mirko) gets 3 coins.
Employee 3 then quits.

Mirko assigns the second task to employee 2, who then assigns it to employee 4 (because employee
3 quit), who then assigns it to employee 5, who then does it. For this, employee 5 gets 1 coin,
employee 4 gets 2 coins, employee 2 gets 3 coins, and employee 1 gets 4 coins. Employee 5 then quits.

The procedure is repeated for a total of 5 tasks.

In total, Mirko gets 13 coins, employee 2 gets 8, employee 4 gets 3, and employee 3 and 5 each get 1
coin.
