# [COCI2017-2018#7] Go

## 题目背景



## 题目描述

Branimirko is still a passionate player of the world-renowned game Pokémon Go. Recently,
he decided to organize a competition in catching Pokémon. It will be held in Ilica street in
Zagreb, and the main sponsor is his friend Slavko. The reward is, of course, candy!

Ilica is, as we all know, the longest street in Zagreb. There are N houses on the same side of
the street, and each house has a house number between 1 and N. The competition begins
at house number K.

Before the competition, Branimirko looked at the map and saw M Pokémon. Each Pokémon
is located at its (distinct) house number Ai
, is valued at Bi candy, and can be caught only in
the next Ti seconds, after which it disappears from the map and is impossible to catch.

Branimirko can visit one house number per second. Also, when he catches a Pokémon, that
Pokémon disappears from the map.

Since Branimirko really likes candy, he asked for your help.

Help him and determine the maximal amount of candy he can get!

## 输入格式

The first line of input contains integers N, K (1 ≤ K ≤ N ≤ 1 000) and M (1 ≤ M ≤ 100), the
number of houses, the starting house number and the number of Pokémon.

Each of the following M lines contains integers $A_i$
(1 ≤ $A_i$ ≤ N), $B_i$
(1 ≤ $B_i$ ≤ 100) and $T_i$
(1 ≤ $T_i$ ≤
2 000) from the task.
In the input data, the Pokémon will always be in a strictly ascending order by house number $A_i$ .

## 输出格式

You must output the required maximal amount of candy from the task.


## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
10 5 4
1 30 4
3 5 7
7 10 12
9 100 23```

### 样例输出 #1

```
115 ```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
20 8 7
1 35 14
4 57 1
6 32 2
9 94 28
14 78 8
15 8 1
17 55 3
```

### 样例输出 #2

```
172```

## 提示

In test cases worth 20% of total points, it will hold M ≤ 10.

In additional 20% of total points, it will hold M ≤ 20.

**Clarification of the first test case:**

One strategy is that Branimirko first catches the Pokémon at house number 3 (5 candy), then,
respectively, house numbers 7 (10 candy) and 9 (100 candy) for a total of 115 candy.

Notice that Branimirko can’t catch the Pokémon at house number 1, because he can’t reach it in time
from his starting position (house number 5).
