# [NEERC2017]Knapsack Cryptosystem

## 题目描述



The Merkle-Hellman Knapsack Cryptosystem was one of the earliest public key cryptosystems invented by Ralph Merkle and Martin Hellman in $1978$ . Here is its description

Alice chooses $n$ positive integers ${a_{1}, . . . , a_{n}}$ such that each $a_{i} > \sum^{i−1}_{j=1}a_{j},$ a positive integer $q$ which is greater than the sum of all $a_{i},$ and a positive integer $r$ which is coprime with $q$ . These $n + 2$ integers are Alice's private key.

Then Alice calculates $b_i = (a_{i} · r)$ mod $q$ . These $n$ integers are Alice's public key.

Knowing her public key, Bob can transmit a message of $n$ bits to Alice. To do that he calculates $s$ , the sum of $b_{i}$ with indices $i$ such that his message has bit $1$ in i-th position. This value $s$ is the encrypted message.

Note that an eavesdropper Eve, who knows the encrypted message and the public key, has to solve a (presumably hard) instance of the knapsack problem to find the original message. Meanwhile, after receiving $s$ , Alice can calculate the original message in linear time; we leave it to you as an exercise.

In this problem you deal with the implementation of the Merkle-Hellman Knapsack Cryptosystem in which Alice chose $q = 2^{64},$ for obvious performance reasons, and published this information. Since everyone knows her $q$ , she asks Bob to send her the calculated value $s$ taken modulo $2^{64}$ for simplicity of communication.

You are to break this implementation. Given the public key and an encrypted message, restore the original message.



## 输入格式



The first line contains one integer $n (1 \le n \le 64)$ .

Each of the next $n$ lines contains one integer $b_{i} (1 \le b_{i} < 2^{64}).$

The last line contains one integer $s$ mod $q$ -- the encrypted message $s$ taken modulo $q (0 \le s$ mod $q < 2^{64}).$

The given sequence $b_{i}$ is a valid public key in the described implementation, and the given value $s$ mod $q$ is a valid encrypted message.



## 输出格式



Output exactly $n$ bits ($0$ or $1$ digits) -- the original message.



## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
5
10
20
50
140
420
440
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
01001
```

## 提示

Time limit: 3 s, Memory limit: 512 MB. 


