# [NEERC2014]Filter

## 题目描述



You are working on a new high-performance database engine -- Instant Compression and Processing Codec $(ICPC).$ ICPC stores user activity records. Each user activity record has an integer user identifier. The records are stored in a number of data files. Each data file is compressed and can contain records from multiple users, however ICPC has to process queries that look for a specific subsets of users. In order to do so, there has to be a way to quickly determine which data files may contain records for a specific user before attempting to decompress them, which may be a long and CPU-consuming process.

ICPC uses an algorithm called Bloom Filter. The way it is implemented in ICPC is described below. For each ICPC database the following integer parameters are chosen:

$m$ is the number of bits in the filter;

$f$ is the number of hash functions in the filter;

$a_{i}$ are the parameters for hash functions for $0 \le i$

A value of the bloom filter is computed for each data file. The data file's bloom filter is a vector of $m$ bits. A bit number $j (0 \le j < m)$ is set to one if and only if there is a record in this data file for some user identifier $u_{k},$ such that for some hash function $i (0 \le i < f)$ the following equality holds:

$j = (u_{k} · a_{i})$ mod $m$ (1)

Your task is to implement ICPC filtering logic. You are given filter parameters and values for a number of data files and a set of user identifiers. Your task is determine which data files may contain record with at least one user identifier from the specified set. A data file may contain a record with a user identifier $u_{k}$ if and only if for all $i (0 \le i < f)$ all the bits $j$ given by equality (1) in its filter value are set to one.



## 输入格式



The first line of the input file contains filter parameters -- integer numbers $m , f$ , and $a_{i}$ for $0 \le i < f (1 \le m \le 1000 , 1 \le f \le 100 , 1 \le a_{i} < 2^{31}).$

The second line of the input file contains an integer $n$ -- the number of data files $(1 \le n \le 1000)$ . Each of the following $n$ lines contains bloom filter value of the corresponding file in hexadecimal form. Each value is represented by a string of $⌈m/4⌉$ hexadecimal digits (one of $0123456789abcdef).$ The first digit of the string represents bits $0-3$ of the value (stored in order from the least significant bit of a hexadecimal digit to the most significant bit), the second digit -- bits $4-7$ , the third -- $8-11$ , etc. When $m$ mod $4 ≠ 0$ , then the last hexadecimal digit represents the last $m$ mod $4$ bits of the value in its least significant bits.

The following line of the input file contains an integer $q$ -- the number of user identifiers in a query $(1 \le q \le 1000)$ , followed by $q$ integers $u_{k}$ -- the set of distinct user identifiers in the query $(1 \le u_{k} < 2^{31}).$



## 输出格式



Write a line with the integer number $s$ to the output file -- the number of data files that may contain a record with at least one user identifier from the specified set, followed by $s$ numbers $d_{t} (0 \le d_{t} < n)$ -- the $0-based$ numbers of the corresponding data files in ascending order.



## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
23 4 3 5 7 11
3
effde7
c07902
0800c1
3 2 4 6
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
2 0 2
```

## 提示

Time limit: 1 s, Memory limit: 256 MB. 


