# [NEERC2013]Join the Conversation

## 题目描述



Abstract Communication Mastership (ACM) is a software company that develops a unique social network called tWinter.

Each tWinter user has a handle that starts with a commercial at $(‘@')$ character. Users of tWinter social network publish short messages to the network.

If a user's message contains another user's handle (preceded by a space or at the beginning of the message, and followed by a space or at the end of the message) then it is called a mention.

A sequence of messages is called a conversation if each message in the sequence (except the first one) contains a mention of the author of the previous message in the sequence.

You are hired to find the longest conversation in the given chronological log of messages.



## 输入格式



The first line of the input file contains an integer $n (1 \le n \le 50 000)$ -- the number of messages in the chronological log.

Each of the next $n$ lines contains a message preceded by its author's handle, a colon $(‘:')$ character, and a space.

Each message is at most $139$ characters long. Each handle is at most $20$ characters long and does not contain colons or spaces.

The input file contains only characters with ASCII codes between $32$ and $126$ , inclusive, and line breaks.



## 输出格式



On the first line of the output file write the length of the longest conversation in the given log. On the second line write $1-based$ indices of the messages in that conversation in ascending order.

If there are multiple longest conversations, write any one of them.



## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
6
@Petr: Leaving for #NEERC tomorrow!
@Roman: This #NEERC is going to be awesome!
@Stone_in_forest: Nothing happened today.
@NEERCNews: @Petr Don't forget an umbrella :)
@Lydia: @NEERCNews cares about @Petr - so cute ^_^
@Lydia: @Lydia @NEERCNews @Petr it won't be raining though!
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
3
1 4 5
```

## 提示

Time limit: 2 s, Memory limit: 128 MB. 


