# [NWRRC2017]Consonant Fencity

## 题目背景



## 题目描述



There are two kinds of sounds in spoken languages: vowels and consonants. Vowel is a sound, produced with an open vocal tract; and consonant is pronounced in such a way that the breath is at least partly obstructed. For example, letters a and $o$ are used to express vowel sounds, while letters $b$ and $p$ are the consonants (e.g . bad, pot).

a vowel (e.g . silly) or as a consonant (e.g . yellow). The letter $w$ , usually used as a consonant (e.g . wet) could produce a vowel after another vowel (e.g . growth) in English, and in some languages (e.g . Welsh) it could be even the only vowel in a word.

In this task, we consider $y$ and $w$ as vowels, so there are seven vowels in English alphabet: a , $e , i , o , u , w$ and $y$ , all other letters are consonants.

Let's define the consonant fencity of a string as the number of pairs of consecutive letters in the string which both are consonants and have different cases (lowercase letter followed by uppercase or vice versa). For example, the consonant fencity of a string CoNsoNaNts is $2$ , the consonant fencity of a string dEsTrUcTiOn is $3$ and the consonant fencity of string StRenGtH is $5$ .

You will be given a string consisting of lowercase English letters. Your task is to change the case of some letters in such a way that all equal letters will be of the same case (that means, no letter can occur in resulting string as both lowercase and uppercase), and the consonant fencity of resulting string is maximal.



## 输入格式



The only line of the input contains non-empty original string consisting of no more than $10^{6}$ lowercase English letters.



## 输出格式



Output the only line: the input string changed to have maximum consonant fencity.



## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
consonants
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
CoNsoNaNts
```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
destruction
```

### 样例输出 #2

```
dEsTrUcTiOn
```

## 样例 #3

### 样例输入 #3
```
strength
```

### 样例输出 #3

```
StRenGtH
```

## 提示

Time limit: 3 s, Memory limit: 512 MB. 


