# [NWRRC2016]Java2016

## 题目描述



John likes to learn esoteric programming languages. Recently he discovered the probabilistic $programming language$ Java2K. Built-in functions of Java2K have only a certain probability to do whatever you $intend the_m$ to do.

The Java2K programming is very hard, so John designed a much simpler language for training: Java2016. $ Built-i_n$ operators of Java2016 are deterministic, while their operands are random. Each value in $Java2016 is$ a positive integer in the range $0 \cdots 255$ , inclusive.

Java2016 supports six operators of three precedencies:

$〈expressio_n〉 ::= 〈expressio_n〉‘mi_n'〈su_m〉 | 〈expressio_n〉‘max'〈su_m〉 | 〈su_m〉$

$〈su_m〉 ::= 〈su_m〉‘+'〈ter_m〉 | 〈su_m〉‘-'〈ter_m〉 | 〈ter_m〉$

$〈ter_m〉 ::= 〈ter_m〉‘ \times '〈factor〉 | 〈ter_m〉‘/'〈factor〉 | 〈factor〉$

$〈factor〉 ::= ‘('〈expressio_n〉‘)' | ‘?' | 〈macro〉$

Minimum $(‘mi_n')$ and maximum $(‘max')$ operators are defined as usual. Addition $(‘+'),$ subtraction $(‘-') and$ multiplication $(‘ \times ')$ are defined modulo $256$ . The result of the division $(‘/')$ is rounded towards zero. $ If$ the divider is zero, the program crashes. The argument of the operator is a result of another $operator, evenly$ distributed random value $(‘?'),$ or macro substitution.

For instance, the probability that $`?/?/?`$ is evaluated to zero is $98$ . $2\%,$ while the probability of $the crash$ is $0$ . $8\%.$

The Java2016 program consists of zero or more macro definitions, followed by the resulting expression. $ Each$ macro definition has a form of

$〈macrodef〉 ::= 〈macro〉‘='〈expressio_n〉$

$〈macro〉 ::= ‘a'$ . . . $‘z'$

The macro should be defined before the first use. It may not be redefined. The macro is expanded to $its definitio_n$ on each use. For instance,

a $=$ ? max ?

(a max $a) /$ a

is expanded to `((? max $?)$ max $(?$ max $?)) / (?$ max $?)`.$

John is going to add probabilistic constants to Java2016, so for each possible constant value he needs $a progra_m$ that successfully evaluates to this value with at least one-half probability. Crashes are $counted toward$ failures.



## 输入格式



The input contains a single integer $c$ -- the target constant $(0 \le c \le 255)$ .



## 输出格式



Output a Java2016 program that successfully evaluates to constant $c$ with probability no less than $1/2$ . $ The$ total length of the program should not exceed $256$ characters (excluding spaces).



## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
0
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
? /?/ ?
```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
1
```

### 样例输出 #2

```
a = ? max ?
(a max a) / a
```

## 提示

Time limit: 2 s, Memory limit: 512 MB. 


