# [NWRRC2014]Expression

## 题目背景



## 题目描述



In computing, regular expressions is a powerful tool for text search and string matching. In this problem a simplified version of regular expressions is used:

- An empty string ` ` is a regular expression, only the empty string matches it.

- A single lowercase letter `c` is a regular expression, a string consisting of a single letter $c$ matches it.

- A dot `.` is a regular expression, a string consisting of any single letter matches it.

- Alternation: if $α$ and $β$ are regular expressions then `(α|β)` is a regular expression, a string $s$ matches it only if $s$ matches $α$ or $s$ matches $β$.

- Concatenation: if $α$ and $β$ are regular expressions then `(αβ)` is a regular expression, a string $s$ matches it only if $s =$ `xy`, $x$ matches $α$ and $y$ matches $β$.

- Kleene star: if $α$ is regular expression then `(α∗)` is a regular expression, a string $s$ matches it only if $s$ is empty or $s =$ `xy`, $x$ is nonempty and matches $α$ and $y$ matches $(α∗).$ In other words, $s$ consists of zero or more strings, each of them matches $α.$

Parentheses can be omitted, in this problem Kleene star has the highest priority, concatenation has medium priority and alternation has lowest priority. Thus `abc*|de` means `(ab(c*))|(de)`.

For example, string `abcabcab` matches `a(bc|a)*ab`, but string `abcbab` does not.

Your task is to find the shortest string that matches the given regular expression $E$ and contains the given substring $S$ .



## 输入格式



The first line of the input file contains the regular expression $E$ . The second line of the input file contains the substring $S (1 \le |E| , |S| \le 10 000)$ .

String $S$ consists of lowercase English letters. Expression $E$ consists of lowercase English letters and special characters: dots (`.`), parentheses (`(`) and (`)`), pipes (`|`), and asterisks (`*`).



## 输出格式



Output the shortest possible string $T$ that both matches $E$ and contains $S$ as substring. If there are no such strings, output `NO`.

The string $T$ should contain only lowercase English letters.



## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
a.*b
bab
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
abab
```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
(ab)*
bb
```

### 样例输出 #2

```
NO
```

## 提示

Time limit: 10 s, Memory limit: 256 MB. 


