# [ICPC2020 WF] Opportunity Cost

## 题目背景

ICPC2020 WF G

## 题目描述

As with most types of products, buying a new phone can be difficult.
One of the main challenges is that there are a lot of different
aspects of the phone that you might care about, such as its price, its
performance, and how user-friendly the phone is.
Typically, there will be no single phone that is simultaneously the
best at all of these things: the cheapest phone, the most powerful
phone, and the most user-friendly phone will likely be different phones.

Thus when buying a phone, you are forced to make some sacrifices by
balancing the different aspects you care about against each other and
choosing the phone that achieves the best compromise (where "best"
of course depends on what your priorities happen to be).  One way of
measuring this sacrifice is known as the *opportunity cost*,
which (for the purposes of this problem) we define as follows.

Suppose that you have bought a phone with price $x$, performance $y$,
and user-friendliness $z$. For simplicity, we assume that these three
values are measured on a comparable numeric scale where higher is
better. If there are $n$ available phones, and the values
$(x_i,y_i,z_i)$ represent the (price, performance, user-friendliness)
of the $i^{\text{th}}$ phone, then the opportunity cost of your phone
is defined as

$$\max _{1 \leq i \leq n}\left(\max \left(x_{i}-x, 0\right)+\max \left(y_{i}-y, 0\right)+\max \left(z_{i}-z, 0\right)\right)$$


Write a program that, given the list of available phones, finds a
phone with the minimum opportunity cost.

## 输入格式

The first line of input contains an integer $n$ ($2 \leq n \leq
200\,000$), the number of phones considered. Following that are $n$ lines.
The $i^{\text{th}}$ of these lines contains three integers $x_i$, $y_i$, and $z_i$,
where $x_i$ is the price, $y_i$ is the performance, and $z_i$ is the
user-friendliness of the $i^{\text{th}}$ phone ($1 \leq x_i, y_i, z_i \leq
10^9$).

## 输出格式

Output a single line containing two integers: the smallest possible
opportunity cost and an integer between $1$ and $n$ indicating the
phone achieving that opportunity cost. If there are multiple such
phones, output the one with the smallest index.


## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
4
20 5 5
5 20 5
5 5 20
10 10 10```

### 样例输出 #1

```
10 4
```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
4
15 15 5
5 15 15
15 5 15
10 10 10```

### 样例输出 #2

```
10 1```

## 提示


