# [ICPC2020 WF] QC QC

## 题目背景

ICPC2020 WF H

## 题目描述


Innovative Computable Quality Control (ICQC) has developed a ground-breaking
new machine for performing, well, quality control. Thanks to
its novel Deep Intelligence technology, an ICQC quality control (QC)
machine can automatically, with $100\%$ accuracy, detect manufacturing
errors in any machine in existence, whether it is a coffee machine, an
intergalactic space ship, or a quantum computer.

ICQC is now setting up its factory for producing these QC
machines. Like any other manufacturing process, some fraction of
the produced machines will suffer from malfunctions and these need to
be found and discarded. Fortunately, ICQC has just the product
for detecting malfunctioning machines!

Obviously, ICQC should not simply use a QC machine on itself, since
a malfunctioning machine might incorrectly classify itself as working
correctly. Instead, ICQC will take each batch of $n$ machines
produced during a day and have them test each other overnight.
In particular, during every hour of the night, each of the $n$ QC
machines can run a check on one of the other QC machines, and
simultaneously be checked by one other QC machine.

If the machine running the check is correct, it will correctly report
whether the tested machine is correct or malfunctioning, but if the
machine running the check is malfunctioning, it may report either result.
If a machine A is used to test a machine B multiple times it will return the same result every time, even if machine A is malfunctioning.
The exact testing schedule does not have to be fixed in advance,
so the choice of which machines should check which other machines during
the second hour of the night may be based on the result of the tests
from the first hour, and so on.

ICQC are $100\%$ confident that strictly more than a half of the $n$ QC
machines in each batch are working correctly, but the night is only $12$
hours long, so there is only time to do a small number of test rounds.
Can you help ICQC determine which QC machines are malfunctioning?

For example, consider Sample Interaction 1 below. After the fourth hour,
every machine has tested every other machine. For machine $1$,
only one other machine claimed that it was malfunctioning, and if it
was truly malfunctioning then at least $3$ of the other machines would
claim this. For machine $4$, only one other machine claims that it
is working, which implies that machine $2$ must be malfunctioning since
more than half of the machines are supposed to be working. Note that
even though machine $4$ is malfunctioning, it still happened to produce
the correct responses in these specific test rounds.





## 输入格式

## Interaction


The first line of input contains a single integer $b$ ($1 \le b \le 500$),
the number of batches to follow. Each batch is independent.
You should process each batch
interactively, which means the input you receive
will depend on the previous output of your program.

The first line of input for each batch contains a single integer $n$
($1 \le n \le 100$), the number of QC machines in the batch.
The interaction then proceeds in rounds. In each round, your program can
schedule tests for the next hour, by writing a line of
the form
"$\texttt{test}$ $\ x_1\ x_2\ \ldots\ x_n$"
indicating that each machine $i$ should run a test on machine $x_i$.
If $x_i=0$, then machine $i$ is idle in that round and performs no test.
All positive numbers in the sequence must be distinct.

After writing this line, there will be a result to read from the
input. The result is one line containing a string of length
$n$, having a '$\texttt{1}$' in position $i$ if machine $i$ says that machine $x_i$
is working correctly, '$\texttt{0}$' if machine $i$ says that machine $x_i$ is
malfunctioning, and '$\texttt{-}$' (dash) if machine $i$ was idle in the round.

When your program has determined which machines are malfunctioning,
but no later than after $12$ rounds of tests,
it must write a line of the form
"$\texttt{answer}$ $S$"
where $S$ is a binary string of length $n$, having a '$\texttt{1}$' in position $i$
if machine $i$ is working correctly, and a '$\texttt{0}$' if it is malfunctioning.

After writing the answer line, your program should start processing
the next batch by reading its number $n$. When all $b$ batches have been
processed, the interaction ends and your program should exit.


*Notes on interactive judging:*

- *The evaluation is non-adversarial, meaning that the result of each
machine testing each other machine is chosen in advance rather than in
response to your queries.*
- *Do not forget to flush output buffers after writing. See the Addendum to Judging Notes for details.*
- *You are provided with a command-line tool for local testing, together with input files
corresponding to the sample interactions.
The tool has comments at the top to explain its use.*




## 输出格式



## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
1
5
10101
01110
10101
10101
10101
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
test 5 4 2 1 3
test 4 5 1 3 2
test 2 3 4 5 1
test 3 1 5 2 4
answer 10101```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
2
4
1111
7
0001100
----11-```

### 样例输出 #2

```
test 2 3 4 1
answer 1111
test 2 3 4 5 6 7 1
test 0 0 0 0 2 4 0
answer 0101110```

## 提示


