# [ICPC2020 WF] Which Planet is This?!

## 题目背景

ICPC2020 WF O

## 题目描述

It's the year 2521, and interstellar probes have reached planets in distant
solar systems. The Interstellar Consortium of Planet Cartographers (ICPC) has
created detailed maps of these planets, and they seem to indicate the
existence of alien life! On each map, the ICPC has recorded the locations of
what appear to be alien dwellings.

The ICPC was planning to release this exciting news to the public, but at the
last moment, disaster struck. One of the ICPC's interns deleted all
meta-data associated with the maps. So while the maps themselves are safe, the
ICPC does not know which maps belong to which planets. For this, they have come back
in time to ask for your help. Given two maps, can you determine whether they describe the same planet?
Hopefully, a 500-year head start will be enough time to solve this important
problem!

The planetary maps consist of sets of points on the (spherical) planet
surface. They are specified in terms of latitude (the angle north or south of
the equator) and longitude (the angle west or east of the noon meridian, which
is the location of the sun when the map's data was collected). Two maps for
the same planet always agree on the latitudes of the points, since the
planet's axis does not change. However, the longitudes of the points might
differ, because the planet rotates between measurements.

## 输入格式

The first line of input contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 400\,000$), the
number of points in each of the two maps to be compared. Then follow $n$ lines
describing the first map. Each of these lines contains two real numbers $a$
and $b$, where $a$ ($-90 < a < 90$) is the latitude and $b$ ($-180 < b \le
180$) is the longitude. Coordinates are expressed in degrees and have at most
four digits after the decimal point. No two points on the map will
have the same coordinates. The remaining $n$ lines describe the second map in the same format as the
first.

## 输出格式

Output $\texttt{Same}$ if there is a rotation around the planet's axis that transforms one map into
the other. Otherwise, output $\texttt{Different}$.

## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
4
0.0000 0.0000
30.0000 90.0000
-45.0000 -30.0000
30.0000 60.0000
30.0000 150.0000
30.0000 120.0000
0.0000 60.0000
-45.0000 30.0000```

### 样例输出 #1

```
Same```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
3
0.0000 0.0000
30.0000 0.0000
30.0000 90.0000
0.0000 0.0000
30.0000 0.0000
30.0000 -90.0000```

### 样例输出 #2

```
Different```

## 提示


