# [USACO23JAN] Mana Collection P

## 题目背景



## 题目描述

**Note: The time limit for this problem is 5s, 2.5 times the default. The memory limit for this problem is 512MB, twice the default.**

Bessie has recently taken an interest in magic and needs to collect mana for a very important spell. Bessie has $N(1 \le N \le 18)$ mana pools, the ith of which accumulates $m_i$ mana per second $(1 \le m_i \le 10^8)$. The pools are linked by a collection of $M (0 \le M \le N(N−1))$ directed edges $(a_i,b_i,t_i)$, meaning that she can travel from $a_i$ to $b_i$ in $t_i$ seconds $(1 \le a_i,b_i \le N, a_i \neq b_i, 1 \le t_i \le 10^9)$. Whenever Bessie is present at a pool, she can collect all the mana stored at that location, emptying it. At time $0$, all mana pools are empty, and Bessie can select any pool to start at.

Answer $Q(1 \le Q \le 2 \cdot 10^5)$ queries, each specified by two integers $s$ and $e (1 \le s \le 10^9, 1 \le e \le N)$. For each query, determine the maximum amount of mana Bessie can collect in s seconds if she must be at mana pool $e$ at the end of the $s$-th second. 

## 输入格式

First line contains $N$ and $M$.

Next line contains $m_1,m2, \cdots ,m_N$.

Next $M$ lines contain $a_i,b_i,t_i$. No ordered pair $(a_i,b_i)$ appears more than once in the input.

Next line contains $Q$.

Next $Q$ lines contain two integers $s$ and $e$. 

## 输出格式

$Q$ lines, one for each query. 

## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1
```
2 1
1 10
1 2 10
4
5 1
5 2
100 1
100 2```

### 样例输出 #1

```
5
50
100
1090```

## 样例 #2

### 样例输入 #2
```
4 8
50000000 100000000 20000000 70000000
1 2 20
2 1 50
2 3 90
1 3 40
3 1 10
4 1 25
1 4 5
4 3 70
3
8 3
1000000000 1
500000 4```

### 样例输出 #2

```
160000000
239999988050000000
119992550000000```

## 提示

### Explanation for Sample 1

First query: Bessie takes $5$ mana from pool $1$ after $5$ seconds.

Second query: Bessie takes $50$ mana from pool $2$ after $5$ seconds.

Third query: Bessie takes $100$ mana from pool $1$ after $100$ seconds.

Fourth query: Bessie takes $90$ mana from pool $1$ after $90$ seconds and $1000$ mana from pool $2$ after $100$ seconds. 

### Explanation for Sample 2

An example where Bessie is able to collect much larger amounts of mana. 

### Scoring

 - Inputs $3-4$: $N \le 10$,$Q \le 100$
 - Inputs $5-9$: $N \le 10$
 - Inputs $10-14$: $Q \le 100$
 - Inputs $15-17$: $N=16$
 - Inputs $18-20$: $N=17$
 - Inputs $21-24$: No additional constraints.
